c3d TrainingBatch1/segmentation-0.nii   -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch1/comp-0.nii
c3d TrainingBatch1/segmentation-1.nii   -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch1/comp-1.nii
c3d TrainingBatch1/segmentation-2.nii   -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch1/comp-2.nii
c3d TrainingBatch1/segmentation-3.nii   -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch1/comp-3.nii
c3d TrainingBatch1/segmentation-4.nii   -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch1/comp-4.nii
c3d TrainingBatch1/segmentation-5.nii   -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch1/comp-5.nii
c3d TrainingBatch1/segmentation-6.nii   -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch1/comp-6.nii
c3d TrainingBatch1/segmentation-7.nii   -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch1/comp-7.nii
c3d TrainingBatch1/segmentation-8.nii   -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch1/comp-8.nii
c3d TrainingBatch1/segmentation-9.nii   -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch1/comp-9.nii
c3d TrainingBatch1/segmentation-10.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch1/comp-10.nii
c3d TrainingBatch1/segmentation-11.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch1/comp-11.nii
c3d TrainingBatch1/segmentation-12.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch1/comp-12.nii
c3d TrainingBatch1/segmentation-13.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch1/comp-13.nii
c3d TrainingBatch1/segmentation-14.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch1/comp-14.nii
c3d TrainingBatch1/segmentation-15.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch1/comp-15.nii
c3d TrainingBatch1/segmentation-16.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch1/comp-16.nii
c3d TrainingBatch1/segmentation-17.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch1/comp-17.nii
c3d TrainingBatch1/segmentation-18.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch1/comp-18.nii
c3d TrainingBatch1/segmentation-19.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch1/comp-19.nii
c3d TrainingBatch1/segmentation-20.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch1/comp-20.nii
c3d TrainingBatch1/segmentation-21.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch1/comp-21.nii
c3d TrainingBatch1/segmentation-22.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch1/comp-22.nii
c3d TrainingBatch1/segmentation-23.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch1/comp-23.nii
c3d TrainingBatch1/segmentation-24.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch1/comp-24.nii
c3d TrainingBatch1/segmentation-25.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch1/comp-25.nii
c3d TrainingBatch1/segmentation-26.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch1/comp-26.nii
c3d TrainingBatch1/segmentation-27.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch1/comp-27.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-28.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-28.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-29.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-29.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-30.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-30.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-31.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-31.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-32.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-32.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-33.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-33.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-34.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-34.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-35.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-35.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-36.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-36.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-37.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-37.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-38.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-38.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-39.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-39.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-40.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-40.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-41.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-41.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-42.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-42.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-43.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-43.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-44.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-44.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-45.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-45.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-46.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-46.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-47.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-47.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-48.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-48.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-49.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-49.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-50.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-50.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-51.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-51.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-52.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-52.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-53.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-53.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-54.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-54.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-55.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-55.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-56.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-56.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-57.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-57.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-58.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-58.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-59.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-59.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-60.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-60.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-61.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-61.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-62.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-62.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-63.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-63.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-64.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-64.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-65.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-65.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-66.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-66.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-67.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-67.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-68.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-68.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-69.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-69.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-70.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-70.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-71.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-71.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-72.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-72.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-73.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-73.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-74.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-74.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-75.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-75.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-76.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-76.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-77.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-77.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-78.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-78.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-79.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-79.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-80.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-80.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-81.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-81.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-82.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-82.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-83.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-83.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-84.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-84.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-85.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-85.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-86.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-86.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-87.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-87.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-88.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-88.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-89.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-89.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-90.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-90.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-91.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-91.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-92.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-92.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-93.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-93.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-94.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-94.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-95.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-95.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-96.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-96.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-97.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-97.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-98.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-98.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-99.nii  -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-99.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-100.nii -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-100.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-101.nii -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-101.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-102.nii -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-102.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-103.nii -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-103.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-104.nii -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-104.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-105.nii -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-105.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-106.nii -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-106.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-107.nii -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-107.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-108.nii -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-108.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-109.nii -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-109.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-110.nii -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-110.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-111.nii -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-111.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-112.nii -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-112.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-113.nii -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-113.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-114.nii -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-114.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-115.nii -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-115.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-116.nii -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-116.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-117.nii -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-117.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-118.nii -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-118.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-119.nii -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-119.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-120.nii -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-120.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-121.nii -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-121.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-122.nii -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-122.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-123.nii -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-123.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-124.nii -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-124.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-125.nii -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-125.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-126.nii -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-126.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-127.nii -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-127.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-128.nii -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-128.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-129.nii -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-129.nii
c3d TrainingBatch2/segmentation-130.nii -as A -threshold 2 2 1 0 -comp -push A -binarize -add -o TrainingBatch2/comp-130.nii
